Add note for additional document root (#762)
Uberspace/lab: source/guide_framadate.rst

  If you choose not to do this, set ``const URL_PROPRE = false;`` in ``~/html/app/inc/config.php`` or you won't be able to access your polls.

.. note::

>   If you're using a subdomain, you need to add ``RewriteBase /`` to the ``.htaccess`` file as described `in the section for additional DocumentRoots <https://manual.uberspace.de/web-documentroot.html#additional-documentroots>`_.

Reviewer: Please us a tag like this
```rst
:manual_anchor:`npm <lang-nodejs.html#npm>`
```
Thanks! :)

Reviewer 2: I think _subdomain_ is the wrong word in this context or I don't understand.
```suggestion
  If you're using an :manual_anchor:`additional DocumentRoot <web-documentroot.html#additional-documentroots>` , you need to modify the ``.htaccess`` file within the DocumentRoot by adding ``RewriteBase /`` to it.
```
